3.8 Docs (#11102)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/data/fragments.md

});
```

<MinVersion version="3.8.0">

## `useFragment`

</MinVersion>

> `useFragment` represents a lightweight live binding into the Apollo Client Cache and enables Apollo Client to broadcast very specific fragment results to individual components. This hook returns an always-up-to-date view of whatever data the cache currently contains for a given fragment. `useFragment` never triggers network requests of its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useFragment` hook represents a lightweight live binding into the Apollo Client Cache. It enables Apollo Client to broadcast specific fragment results to individual components. This hook returns an always-up-to-date view of whatever data the cache currently contains for a given fragment. `useFragment` never triggers network requests of its own.
```

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/11136/commits/3907cca0295dbad08d89d66c34bbf8d20e374226

> Note that the `useQuery` hook remains the primary hook responsible for querying and populating data in the cache ([see the API reference](./hooks#usequery)). As a result, the component reading the fragment data via `useFragment` is still subscribed to all changes in the query data, but receives updates only when that fragment's specific data change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The `useQuery` hook remains the primary hook responsible for querying and populating data in the cache** ([see the API reference](./hooks#usequery)). As a result, the component reading the fragment data via `useFragment` is still subscribed to all changes in the query data, but receives updates only when that fragment's specific data change.
```

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/11136/commits/504db596a8c16a29dd37968a7b8855dc62d7b227

> **Note**: this hook was introduced in `3.7.0` as experimental but stabilized in `3.8.0`. In `3.7.x` and `3.8.0-alpha.x` releases, this hook is exported as `useFragment_experimental`. Starting with `3.8.0-beta.0` and greater the `_experimental` suffix was removed in its named export.

### Example

Given the following fragment definition:

```js
const ItemFragment = gql`
  fragment ItemFragment on Item {
    text
  }
`;
```

We can first use the `useQuery` hook to retrieve a list of items with `id`s as well as any fields selected on the named `ItemFragment` fragment by spreading `ItemFragment` inside of `list` in `ListQuery`.

```jsx
const listQuery = gql`
  query GetItemList {
    list {
      id
      ...ItemFragment
    }
  }
  ${ItemFragment}
`;

function List() {
  const { loading, data } = useQuery(listQuery);

  return (
    <ol>
      {data?.list.map(item => (
        <Item key={item.id} id={item.id}/>
      ))}
    </ol>
  );
}
```

> > **Note:** instead of interpolating fragments within each query document, we can use Apollo Client's `createFragmentRegistry` method to pre-register named fragments with our `InMemoryCache`. This allows Apollo Client to include the definitions for registered fragments in the document sent over the network before the request is sent. For more information, see [Registering named fragments using `createFragmentRegistry`](./#registering-named-fragments-using-createFragmentRegistry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Instead of interpolating fragments within each query document, we can use Apollo Client's `createFragmentRegistry` method to pre-register named fragments with our `InMemoryCache`. This allows Apollo Client to include the definitions for registered fragments in the document sent over the network before the request is sent. For more information, see [Registering named fragments using `createFragmentRegistry`](./#registering-named-fragments-using-createFragmentRegistry).
```

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/11136/commits/e49747c46bf874a6fb8cdb390eb5f73974b58070
